README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Implement code changes to enhance functionality and improve performance

README.md, after:

# GridGoal 🎯

![GridGoal Hero Image](public/gridgoal-hero.png)

**GridGoal is a minimalist, distraction-free system that helps you achieve your long-term goals by visualizing your daily consistency.** It's built on a simple, powerful principle: you can't improve what you can't see.

Instead of tracking endless to-do lists, GridGoal helps you track your most valuable resource: focused time. Each session of deep work fills a square on your personal **Grid**, creating a living visualization of your dedication and building unstoppable momentum.

**[Live Demo](https://gridgoal.xyz)**

---

## ✨ Features

GridGoal is designed to provide clarity and motivation without the clutter of traditional project management tools.

- **Hierarchical Goal Setting:** Break down massive ambitions into nested **Sub-Goals** and actionable **Roadmaps**.
- **The GridGoal:** A GitHub-style activity grid that provides a beautiful, at-a-glance overview of your consistency for the past year.
- **Focus Timer:** A distraction-free timer with optional **Pomodoro Mode** and **Zen Mode** to help you get into a state of flow.
- **Actionable Notes:** Use the **"Next Step"** prompt after each session to eliminate friction and know exactly where to pick up next time.
- **Streak Counter:** A powerful motivator to maintain your daily habit and not "break the chain."
- **Pace Indicator:** See your actual progress plotted against your ideal pace to meet deadlines without last-minute panic.
- **Weekly Reset:** A guided ritual to reflect on your week and plan your priorities for the next one.

---
